content/blog/index.md, before:

---
title: "Blog"
date: 
draft: false
---

Recieve updates in your inbox via our [substack](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/). 

As part of our mission to empower rising generations within the longevity sector, we mentor high school students to encourage an early interest in the field. 

We work with them to provide feedback and guidance while they write an article on a topic of their choice, and then share them here. We also connect these students with relevant opportunities along the way. 

## Index content by topic: 
- [Introductory](#introductory)
- [Deep dives](#deep-dives)
- [Personal stories](#personal-stories)
- [Creative work](#creative-work)
- [Curated lists](#curated-lists)

---

## Introductory
Tagline for describing this category of articles 

- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Deep dives
Tagline for describing this category of articles 

- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Personal stories
Tagline for describing this category of articles 

- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Creative work
Tagline for describing this category of articles 

- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Curated lists
Tagline for describing this category of articles 

- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
- [Article title](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/): short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here. short description here.
  
    
[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

Commit message:

Blog page updates.md
Had modified the text so that the Blog page default text is replaced by brief, more specific text about each section.

content/blog/index.md, after:

---
title: "Blog"
date: 
draft: false
---

Recieve updates in your inbox via our [substack](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/). 

As part of our mission to empower rising generations within the longevity sector, we mentor high school students to encourage an early interest in the field. 

We work with them to provide feedback and guidance while they write an article on a topic of their choice, and then share them here. We also connect these students with relevant opportunities along the way. 

## Index content by topic: 
- [Introductory](#introductory)
- [Deep dives](#deep-dives)
- [Personal stories](#personal-stories)
- [Creative work](#creative-work)
- [Curated lists](#curated-lists)

---

## Introductory
Check out our first articles!

- [Longevity in Sci-Fi literature]([https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/p/longevity-in-sci-fi-literature)): How good are our predictions really?
- [Rapamycin 101]([https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/p/rapamycin-101)): A molecular biology rant about the anti-aging drug we all heard of.
- [Aging and Longevity: Defining The Words]([https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/](https://longevityxplorer.substack.com/p/aging-and-longevity-defining-the)): Diving deeper on the origin of the words and which one you should use.

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Deep dives
The topics we cover don't have to just scratch the surface of what is longevity about, and what one can do. 
Diving deeper into questions that spark your interest is beneficial for people with an obsession for the same questions that you have.

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Personal stories
You did some cool longevity stuff or have unique ideas? Share your story and perspective!
Do you know someone else who falls into that category? Don't be afraid to interview them or share their work with us!

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Creative work
Did you ever search on Google for answers to a most random (longevity-related) shower thought? Did you jump into a deep rant about the topic? We want to cover that!

[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---

## Curated lists
We aim to share lists of resources anyone can use to expand their skills, gain experience, meet new longevity folks, and become who they want to be.
  
    
[Back to top](#index-content-by-topic)

---
